top nautical fishing DYNAMICS
the baby fishing in the river
now it 's time there was
Reserve
in error fish
now it's time for a lion
for example fishing for god
logic is my friend's price, it's over
I want to retire or not my new partner
of 10k the lambari outboard motor of the
worldwide max 6 hp the engine easy to operate
easy to pick up and carry
however light it is 4 times and
supereconomic stadium then bid
can also be your new
fishing an outboard motor and 6 hp in the belly
global marketing
the moment
i
Hey
acceleration graduation
it's very easy to maneuver
you can navigate with it in front of you or
only to the contrary simply was
here the opposite scoundrel
versatility
the island
Look how you see I'm here.
sailing with 6 hp lambari outboard
is the four-stroke air-cooled engine
very economical and also silent for
You make it work, it 's easy, just call.
the key switches off to hit the match and
they left then
if you still do not have an outboard
01 good outboard engine
lumbar suggestion to HP that is with
a super special price
There's no secret, no boat, you think.
than any place to rent and take the
its 6 hp lambari outboard motor
world match this engine will break
very bumpy because this engine really
it's objective
so now there's no more excuse to leave
Wadi with no husband engine
my soul here
for only eight installments
two hundred and twenty-five reais
the sights thousand, seven hundred reais and has
plus the cart is a gift